Create patchnotes for 4.2.7 (#6900)
OpenSlides/OpenSlides: patchnotes/4.2.7.md

## Patchnotes 4.2.7

### New Features
- Angular Update to Version 19

### Optimizations
- Meeting archiving: Archiving is prevented if active processes are still running in the instance. Active processes are current speakers on a speaking list and elections and polls.
- Participant import: The warning when someone imports but some fields cannot be changed has been improved.

> - Motions > Forwarding dialog: The options and the order for these have each been swapped.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Motions > Forwarding dialog: The default options and the order for these have each been swapped.
```

> ## Patchnotes 4.2.7
> 
> ### New Features
> - Angular Update to Version 19
> 
> ### Optimizations
> - Meeting archiving: Archiving is prevented if active processes are still running in the instance. Active processes are current speakers on a speaking list and elections and polls.
> - Participant import: The warning when someone imports but some fields cannot be changed has been improved.
> - Motions > Forwarding dialog: The options and the order for these have each been swapped.
> - Elections > Number of votes: The maximum votes are now limited by the number of options. The only exception is Yes votes when cumulative voting is activated.
> - Motions > Forwarding: The slider for displaying the origin motion is no longer displayed for amendments, as amendments alone cannot be forwarded.
> - "My account" > "My profile": Only fields that can be changed here are now displayed here.
> - Various UI improvements
> 
> ### Bug Fixes
> - Participants: Participants can now be added (referenced) again by meeting admins via the single action.
> - Motions > Forwarding: The slider for displaying the origin motion is now always displayed correctly.
> - Participant list > Access data (PDF): Participants are now exported on a separate pages.
> - Motions > Creation: Supporters are now also registered when creating a motion.
> - Accounts > Gender: The back arrow is now available.
> - Participant list > Add individually: Each person can now be selected again when selecting with the correct search criteria.
> - Sort: Multiple elements can be moved at the same time with drag-and-drop.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Patchnotes 4.2.7

### New Features
- Angular Update to Version 19

### Optimizations
- Meeting archiving: Archiving is prevented if active processes are still running in the instance. Active processes are current speakers on a speaking list and elections and polls.
- Participant import: The warning when someone imports but some fields cannot be changed has been improved.
- Motions > Forwarding dialog: The default options and the order for these have each been swapped.
- Elections > Number of votes: The maximum votes are now limited by the number of options. The only exception is Yes votes when cumulative voting is activated.
- Motions > Forwarding: The slider for displaying the origin motion is no longer displayed for amendments, as amendments alone cannot be forwarded.
- "My account" > "My profile": Only fields that can be changed are now displayed here.
- Various UI improvements

### Bug Fixes
- Participants: Participants can now be added (referenced) again by meeting admins via the single action.
- Motions > Forwarding: The slider for displaying the origin motion is now always displayed correctly.
- Participant list > Access data (PDF): Every participant is now exported on their own page.
- Motions > Creation: Supporters are now also registered when creating a motion.
- Accounts > Gender: The back arrow is now available.
- Participant list > Add individually: Each person can now be selected again when searched with the correct search criteria.
- Sort: Multiple elements can be moved at the same time with drag-and-drop.
```
